breaking news out of Minneapolis
Minnesota the Minnesota Vikings have
made a roster move they have released
rookie cornerback Keyon Dawkins in favor
of this man they have signed Pacman
Jones to a two-year deal big news out of
Minnesota make that free agent
acquisition but we're here now Minnesota
Vikings and the Dallas Cowboys Vikings
coming off a big win against the New
Orleans Saints and they face the one and
7 Dallas Cowboys who are just struggling
to win games this year they don't have a
lot of injuries they're just not playing
very good football and it's also a big
game for the Vikings because of how
competitive the NFC North is early in
the first quarter
Cunningham out of the gun looking for
his favorite target hits Bernard Berrian
on the cross he's gonna burn the Dallas
defense touchdown Vikings 7 nothing here
early in the 1st now Dallas on their
first possession Romo's out of the gun
he's gonna give it to the rookie Leonard
Lord he's gonna put it on the ground
recovered by MIDI you Williams Minnesota
would add a field goal make it 10
nothing Dallas's next drive Romo gives
it to Marion Barber and he's gonna put
it on the ground as well the Vikings
were covered Cedric Griffin on the
recovery now Cunningham on second down
he's gonna find Sidney Rice he was gonna
get inside the 20 for 18 yards Minnesota
attack on another field goal and now the
ensuing kickoff Chris Kluwe kicking the
deep to Felix Jones Jones is gonna take
it from the 3 yard line he's thinking up
past the 20 to the 25 fumble and then
Dallas covers this one but all three
Dallas running backs fumble in the first
quarter Romo now 1st down looking for
Manny Johnson picked off by Cedric
Griffin and Dallas's wolves continue in
the first quarter Cunningham on first
down out of the gun scrambles out of the
pocket looking over the middle hits
Adrian Peterson nice throw first down
Minnesota inside the 30 yard line
Minnesota looking to add on to the lead
Cunningham on second down looking over
the middle Percy Harvin inside the 5 now
bringing up third and goal give it to AP
he is stopped by a group of Cowboys
Minnesota settles for 3 later in the
second give to
Adrian Peterson breaks a free from a
tackler into Dallas territory
Minnesota's offense playing phenomenally
here in the first half Cunningham out of
the gun second down
it's Bernard Berrian on a crossroad once
again inside the 10 Minnesota looking to
continue adding on to their lead look at
this past Lance Moore's first touchdown
beautiful throw by Al Cunningham
Minnesota up by 23 Dallas trying to get
something going
Romo gives the Felix Jones who breaks a
tackle burns the Vikings defense up the
middle nobody can catch him it'll be a
78-yard touchdown for Felix Jones and
Dallas is on the board Vikings with the
ball later in the second quarter
Cunningham on third down scrambles out
to the right he's gonna make a dangerous
throw and throw it across his body but
it's okay Sidney Rice makes a catch
inside the 30-yard line for 20 yards
next play Cunningham still working out
of the gun hits Bernard Berrian he's
gonna go up 16 yards
Cunningham having an awesome game second
and goal gives it Adrian Peterson he
gets in this time touchdown Vikings up
now 32 7 Romo trying to create some
offense before the halftime hits Miles
Austin who beat Pacman Jones probably
not a good idea to have Pacman Jones
covering Miles Austin in his first game
but either way
Dallas touchdown I'll cut in the lead to
16 Minnesota trying to get to halftime
Lorenzo Booker has different plans
he takes it up the right side it's gonna
be a 61 yard touchdown his first of the
year Minnesota with a whopping 37 points
in the first half midway through the
third quarter now Dallas out of the gun
room Oh looking over the middle hits
Manny Johnson who gets inside the
Vikings 20 converts on third down then
on third and goal Romo's looking for
someone in the end zone but his bulldoze
by Ray Edwards for a sack Dallas will
have to kick a field goal
Dallas began the first quarter of the
ball Romo looking for Miles Austin who
gets a first down into field goal range
third and nine now Dallas trying to get
some points Romo out of the gun looking
over the middle finds his tight end
Jason Witten takes it in 29 yard
touchdown Dallas now only down by 13
points later in the fourth Romo out of
the gun on third and 12 looking right
Roy Williams long he's got to step on
the defender but he can't hang on that
would have been a big play for Dallas as
they try to come back later in the four
now working that midfield give to Felix
Jones he's gonna take it up the middle
for a first down in the field goal range
for Dallas Dallas without a field goal
now Cunningham trying to run some clock
Bernard Berrian with a wicked spin move
as he makes a man miss there for a first
down then kind of hem gives to Adrian
Peterson to the left side beautiful move
right there making the defender look
silly he's gonna take it into Dallas
territory 46 yards ap with almost 200
yards on the ground
Cunningham third and 10 doing his best
friend Tarkington impression they're
gonna fire it to percy harvin get inside
the five yard line huge play there
facemask adds on to it and now the
Vikings going for an hour touchdown
giving it to Toby Gerhart first
touchdown of the year
Minnesota back up by three scores but
Romo given to everything he has to come
back he looks over the middle finds Roy
Williams for a first down but they need
points and they need him fast Romo with
a free play here he's going to go long
Roy Williams wide open catches the ball
gets inside the 10 setting up Dallas now
we have a good chance to score touchdown
Romo no one open he's had taken himself
and go up the middle touchdown Cowboys
but is it too little too late Cunningham
gives it to Lorenzo Booker
he's gonna get a first down that would
seal the game for Minnesota and say we
hold on for a ten-point victory
Cowboys fall a one-in-eight Minnesota
moose six and three Adrian Peterson with
a monster game today as he had a carry
majority little workload and that's got
to be a new career-high in carries
Dallas's turnover problems in the first
quarter proved to be one of the main
reasons they lost today Minnesota
capitalize on their opportunities Alec
Cunningham played a very solid game
today very impressive the division is
still very tight Minnesota tied for
second but obviously Green Bay owns the
tiebreaker next episode please subscribe
and check out the Vikings and the
Chargers as Minnesota looks to stay
contending for the NFC North title